docs: Roadmap Updates (#161)
bomctl/bomctl: ROADMAP.md

                          : `merge`
                          : `diff`
                          : `visualize`

        Mid (2-6 Months)  : `redact`
                          : `trim`
                          : `verify`
                          : `sign`

        Far (6+ Months)   : `split`
                          : `enrich`
```

## Missing Architecture

### Indirect Multi-Document Linking (2 Months)

`bomctl` can recursively retrieve SBOMs based on URIs, there needs to be architecture decisions and
implementation on how to "indirectly" link SBOMs that are in the cache. For example how do we link
SBOMs based on purl, serial number, or name/verson.

Key questions that need answers are:

- Should linking automatically happen when SBOMs are added to the cache?
- When SBOMs are `push`ed to an external location, should all the external references be updated
to allow easy `fetch`ing by someone else?

### Storing and Retreiving Source SBOMs Without Modification (2 Months)

Some users of `bomctl` will need SBOMs ingested into the cache outputted without modification.

Reasons would be:

- Ability to verify signatures of SBOMs that are moved from one system to the next with `bomctl`

> - SBOMs with data not supported protobom can be preserved if the SBOM is not modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SBOMs with data not supported by protobom can be preserved if the SBOM is not modified
```

> The biggest architectural decision is how should be maintain tracibility from a component to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest architectural decision is how should we maintain traceability from a component to the
```

SBOM it originally came from.

### `fetch` and `push` Integration with Commercial SBOM Registries (3 Months)

One of the big usecases for `bomctl` is the ability to fetch and push SBOMs from different SBOM

> registeries. Many of these will be COTS or SaaS services and we'll need to simplify interacting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registries. Many will be COTS or SaaS services and we'll need to simplify interactions 
```

> with these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with them.
```
